maintainers/reviewing-prs: add reviewbot section (#122)
is-a-dev/docs: src/maintainers/reviewing-prs.md

We recommend using reviewbot instead of saved replies, however! See the next section.

2. Mass approve checks first, review afterwards. This allows you to skip the hassle of waiting for checks to finish running.

3. When unsure of whether or not to approve or request changes on a PR, do not hesitate to ask another, more experienced maintainer on how to deal with it. You can also simply skip the PR and wait for someone else to review it.

## Reviewbot
A very helpful tool we have at our disposal is [reviewbot](https://github.com/iostpa/reviewbot). Reviewbot is a GitHub bot maintained by [iostpa](https://iostpa.com) which sends a comment in a pull request upon the application of labels with an explanation of each label in some detail. Reviewbot can also optionally close a pull request based on the `status: denied` label.

Example usage would be as follows: on a pull request that adds a website unrelated to software development, you should add the `status: denied` and `reason: not dev related` labels to the pull request, and simply move on. Reviewbot will close the pull request on your behalf and explain the reason why the pull request was denied in detail to the PR author. 

> Note: You may use `status: invalid` to simply request changes on a PR instead of closing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!
You may use `status: invalid` to simply request changes on a PR instead of closing it.
!!!
```

> Please use `status: denied` or `status: invalid` in conjuction with other `reason: x` or `status: y` labels. If none of the labels fit the reason why you denied the pull request, use `reason: other` in conjuction with either status label and comment your reason directly in the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use `status: denied` or `status: invalid` in conjuction with other `reason: x` labels (or `status: needs preview`). If none of the labels fit the reason why you denied the pull request, use `reason: other` in conjuction with either status label and comment your reason directly in the pull request.

!!!
Reviewbot has a 3 second time window. This means that you can make last-minute changes before reviewbot starts sending the message.
!!!
```
